A sword that can pierce me
To save the peak power
Who is helping me again?
It's my master
The good apprentice has come back to support you
Master, why are you here?
Of course the elders wouldn't let me come
I ran out in the dark and windy night
Li Xuanyu, come to the original gate of my Xuanyi Dao Palace
Are you going to go to war with my Dao Palace?
Old demon oh no no
Seventh Elder, you think too much
I'm pure and pure to support my apprentice
You must not elevate your personal behavior to literary status
Say
I have passed the position of head to Elder Xu
Just treat me as a heroine who sees injustice
Master, why do you have to pay for the second disciple?
It seems that Brother Yang is doing very well in the sect
I dragged him down
Chiba Wanhua
No wonder you Li Xuanyu don't even become a sect master
Come and save this kid too
I don't care if it's Chiba Construction
He is my apprentice
Of course I have to protect him
It seems that these two swords make chicken flying flowers rather eggs
Chiba Wanhua is the sword handed down from Yuan Men
It must be passed down from master to disciple
The power of any machine cannot be broken unless it is a martial king
Since Alliance Master Li is here
The old man is also willing to sell you this face